{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033

@{\footnote
*** Configuration Dialog Help - SNESAmp v3.10 ***
}

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helv;}
}

{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue255;}

\fs20

{\page #{\footnote # Cfg_Help}}
{\keepn
{\fs24\cf1 Configuration Dialog\par}}
{\par The Configuration Dialog lets you customize the plug-in.  Some options directly effect the
 sound, while others only change the way Winamp provides information to you.\par\par
There are five tabs in the dialog.  Each one groups related options together:\par\par
{\uldb
{DSP}{\v Cfg_DSP}\par
{Mixing}{\v Cfg_Mixing}\par
{Time}{\v Cfg_Time}\par
{Title}{\v Cfg_Title}\par
{Other}{\v Cfg_Other}\par
}
}

{\page #{\footnote # Cfg_DSP}}
{\keepn
{\fs24\cf1 Configuration Dialog\par}}

The DSP tab is where you configure the DSP emulator.  Some of these options should be familiar
 to you.\par\par

{\b Configuration Presets\par}
The presets affect the options under the DSP and Mixing tabs.  Regardless of your preset choice, you
 will still have control of the sample rate and bit depth.\par\par
"High Quality" will select the settings for the clearest sound.\par\par
"Like the SNES" will select the settings that most closely emulate the SNES (see Analog simulation).
  Select this option if you're an emulation purist. \par\par
"Custom" will allow you to make changes to any of the settings.\par\par

{\b Sample Rate\par}
If sound was an image, the sample rate would be its resolution.  Higher sample rates sound better,
 but using a sample rate higher than your sound card can accept won't improve the sound.\par\par

{\b Sample Size\par}
Comparing sound to an image again, the sample size is like the color depth.  Larger sample sizes
 sound better because you have more bits to listen to.  SNESAmp can create eight, sixteen,
 twenty-four, and thirty-two bit samples.\par\par
When using normal stereo without analog simulation enabled, 24- and 32-bit samples are left
 justified 16 bits, and don't provide any better quality.  When using high-quality or when analog
 simulation is enabled the full 24 or 32 bits are used.\par\par
Eight-bit sample support is provided for historical reasons only.\par\par

{\b Channels\par}
The SNES produced stereo sound, and you should use the stereo setting.\par\par
The monaural setting exists for users with one speaker.  This setting uses additional processing
 to ensure sounds don't get lost during the stereo to mono mixdown.  However, this setting also
 uses older mixing code that may not sound as good as the stereo.\par\par
The normal stereo routine uses integers and produces 16-bit output identical to the SNES.\par\par
The high-quality stereo routine uses floating-point numbers and includes extra features such as
 micro volume ramping.  Eight-bit samples are not available with this setting.\par\par

{\b Interpolation\par}
Interpolation is a process applied to samples after they are decompressed to make a sound wave sound
 less harsh and more natural.  A good example of interpolation is how it's used in the video of
 ZSNES.  When the graphics of the SNES are displayed on your computer screen they look blocky,
 pixelated.  By applying interpolation the graphics are smoothed out.\par\par
In SNESAmp there are three forms of interpolation:  linear, cubic, and gaussian.\par\par
Linear is the simplest form of interpolation, but it rarely produces an accurate reproduction.\par\par
Cubic is based on the Hermite cubic polynomial.  It's probably the best sounding of the three.\par\par
Gaussian is based on the Gaussian curve, and is the method used by the SNES.  Some people don't like
 this form of interpolation because it makes low sampled sounds sound soft and undetailed.\par\par

You can look at http://www.alpha-ii.com/Info/AudioInt.html, if you'd like to see some examples of
 what interpolation does to a soundwave.\par\par

{\b Analog simulation\par}
Enabling this option will try to simulate anomalies of the analog hardware in the SNES.  In this
 mode the DSP is emulated at 16-bit 32kHz stereo, just like the SNES.  A small amount (-72dB) of
 noise is added to simulate RF interference.  The output is then inverted and upsampled to the
 specified output sample rate, and finally run through a low-pass filter to remove aliased
 frequencies.\par\par
This option is only available when using normal stereo mixing.\par\par
Note: Higher sample rates and bit depths will better simulate the analog output of the SNES.\par\par

{\b "Surround" sound\par}
Inverts the right channel to give the sound a wider feel.\par\par

{\b Reverse stereo\par}
Swaps the left and right channels for those of you who have your speakers backwards.\par\par

{\b Use old ADPCM\par}
Sample data in the SNES is compressed using ADPCM.  While SNESAmp has an accurate sample
 decompression algorithm, some people like to use the old method used by emulators in the early
 days.  The old method allows for integer overflow, so some sound effects, like wind, won't work.\par\par

{\b Disable Echo\par}
This will disable any echo effects by the DSP.  Use this if you want to add your own echo/reverb
 effects.\par\par

{\b Stereo separation\par}
The stereo slider controls how far apart voices are played from the center.  At 50 the song will
 sound like it would on the SNES.  At 0 the song will be completely centered, and at 100 all
 voices will play on either the left or right side.\par\par
This control was created for people who use headphones and don't like harsh panning, but it can also
 be used to create a wider sound.\par\par

{\b Echo feedback crosstalk\par}
On the SNES, sounds that echoed on the left side stayed on the left side, as with the right.
  Crosstalk lets the sound "leak" from one side to the other.  This makes the echo sound more
 natural by letting it bounce around a bit.\par\par
The higher the value, the more sound will leak to the other side.  Negative values cause the echo
 to pan between each side as it fades out.\par\par


{\page #{\footnote # Cfg_Mixing}}
{\keepn
{\fs24\cf1 Configuration Dialog\par}}

Different songs are arranged at different volume levels.  The songs from some games will sound quiet
 compared to the songs from other games.  To overcome this, an amplification control has been
 implemented.  At 0.0dB music will be mixed at the same volume as the SNES.  Higher levels will
 create louder music.\par\par

{\b Automatic Amplification Reduction (AAR)\par}
You can manually set the amplification level, but songs vary so much that manually adjusting
 every song can become bothersome.  AAR is a method that tries to find the optimal level for each
 song.  There are three settings:\par
{\cellx1080\cellx5760
\intbl Off\cell AAR is disabled.  You must manually set the amplification level.\cell\row
\intbl On\cell When the sound gets too loud, the level will be reduced.\cell\row
\intbl Increase\cell The level will be increased slowly until AAR takes place.\cell\row
}\par\par

{\b Amplification\par}
This is the default level that all songs start out at.  A value between 6.0 and 9.0 is usually good.\par\par

{\b Minimum and Maximum Level\par}
These are the minimum and maximum values that the amplification level can be changed to by AAR.  You
 can manually set the level outside this range.\par\par

{\b Output Threshold\par}
The threshold is how loud the final output must be before AAR will take effect.  If the output gets too
 loud, clipping will occur, which can make the music sound distorted.  Sometimes, though, the music
 will peak for brief moments, and the small amount of clipping that happens isn't noticible.  Allowing
 for some clipping will produce overall louder music.\par\par
Setting the threshold to 0.0dB will not allow any clipping.  Higher values will allow more clipping.\par\par
If you use the Winamp equalizer or a DSP plug-in, you should set the threshold to 0.0dB or less.\par\par

{\b Use the amplification level from the ID666 tag\par}
If the tag contains a default amplification, AAR will be disabled and the level will be set to the value
 in the tag.\par\par

{\b Reset the level at the start of each song\par}
This option will reset the amplification level to the default value everytime a song is started.
  Disabling it will keep the current value when the next song starts.\par\par

{\b Use Winamp's volume control for adjusting the level\par}
Normally, you need to enable the Control dialog in order to change the amplification level in
 real-time.  This setting will use the volume control in Winamp to control the level.  If you use
 this, make sure you disable the volume control in the output plug-in.  Otherwise when the level
 changes so will the volume of your sound card.\par\par


{\page #{\footnote # Cfg_Time}}
{\keepn
{\fs24\cf1 Configuration Dialog\par}}

The time options let you specify how SNESAmp interprets {\uldb{ID666 Tags}{\v ID6_Help}} and
 how to playback songs.\par\par

{\b Song & Fade Length\par}
When an SPC is loaded that doesn't have the song and fade length saved in the ID666 tag, these
 values will be used.  The maximum value for the song is 59:59.99 and the fade is 59.99 seconds.\par\par

{\b Trailing Silence\par}
After an SPC is through playing, a pause will be inserted before playing the next song.  This value
 is the length of the pause in seconds.\par\par

{\b Auto End\par}
Some SPC's don't loop forever.  SNESAmp can automatically stop a song after it has been silent for
 a period of time.  You can specify how many seconds to wait.  Leaving this field blank will always
 play a song endlessly, regardless of the actual sound.  The auto end feature has no effect if a
 song has a length specified in the ID666 tag and the playback timer is enabled.\par\par

{\b Loop Repeat\par}
Specifying a value here overrides the loop repeat value for all songs.  Leaving this field blank
 will use the song's repeat value.  If a song doesn't have a loop time saved in its tag, this field
 has no effect.\par\par

{\b Enable playback timer\par}
Disabling this option will cause SNESAmp to play songs endlessly, regardless of their ID666
 settings.\par\par

{\b Use a faster seeking method\par}
This enables a seeking method that's faster by disabling DSP emulation.  Songs that check the DSP
 registers for changes will not be seekable in this mode.\par\par

{\b Default to binary ID666 tags\par}
SNESAmp will attempt to determine whether an {\uldb{ID666 Tag}{\v ID6_Help}} is in text or binary
 format, but when it's not sure or if the song doesn't have an ID666 tag, it will default to binary.\par\par


{\page #{\footnote # Cfg_Title}}
{\keepn
{\fs24\cf1 Configuration Dialog\par}}

When Winamp builds a playlist, you can customize how the songs will be displayed.\par\par
For example, the string "%2 by %4" will display the song title and the artist's name in the
 playlist.  If none of the specifiers are used in the song (i.e. a blank ID666 tag) the filename
 will be displayed.\par\par

Some format specifier notes:\par
\tab %6 will automatically insert a copyright symbol (©) before the date\par
\tab %D only displays the first line of the comment\par
\tab You can insert special characters (% < = > [ | ]) by placing a % before them\par
\tab Format specifiers are not case sensitive\par
\tab Unknown format specifiers will be inserted literally\par

\par {\b Conditional statements}\par
\par By placing square brackets after a format specifier, you can choose to display text if and
 only if that field contains a value.  By using a pipeline character you can also specify the text
 to display if the field is empty.\par
\par Print the comment in parenthesis, if a comment exists:\par
%D[(%D)]\par\par
Print the song title if it exists, otherwise print "(no title)":\par
%2[%2 |(no title) ]\par

\par {\b Fixed field lengths}\par
\par You can also force a field to a certain number of characters by following the format specifier
 with a <, =, or > character and a number.\par\par
%D<30  No more than 30 characters will be printed.  If the comment is more than 30 characters, only
 the first 30 characters will be printed.\par
%3=15  Exactly 15 characters will be printed.  If the game title is less than 15, spaces will be
 inserted.  If it's more than 15, only the first 15 will be printed.\par
%2>20  At least 20 characters will be printed.  If the song title is less than 20 characters, spaces
 will be inserted.\par\par

Assuming an ID666 tag contained all fields, this tag would display the following:\par\par
%9[%9=4]%3 - %2 %D[[%D%]] %B[(%B %C[%C|unknown])]\par\par
1   game - song [comment] (emulator date)


{\page #{\footnote # Cfg_Other}}
{\keepn
{\fs24\cf1 Configuration Dialog\par}}

{\b Language\par}
SNESAmp has been translated into several languages.  To use another language, you must download
 a language resource module, and extract it into your plugins directory.  After you restart Winamp,
 the drop-down box will contain a list of the modules you have.\par\par
The (default) selection will cause SNESAmp to search for the language module that matches the
 language in your Windows settings.\par\par
If you don't have any language modules, SNESAmp will default to US English.\par\par
If you would like to create a translation for SNESAmp, contact me and I'll give you the information
 I need translated.\par\par

{\b File Extensions\par}
In this field you can enter the file extensions you would like to associate with Winamp.  This field
 works the same as in the Nullsoft MPEG Audio Decoder plug-in.  Extensions are separated with a
 semi-colon.\par\par
Clicking on the 'Default' button will restore the default extensions of "SPC;SP*;RSN;ZST;ZS*"\par\par

{\b Display the control dialog\par}
This enables the {\uldb{Control}{\v Ctrl_Help}} dialog, a window that appears next to Winamp that
 lets you change emulator settings in real-time.\par\par

{\b Enable tricks\par}
SNESAmp can hook into the Winamp process to provide some features like window docking, automatically
 displaying and hiding the Control dialog, updating the ID666 tag editor on song changes, et cetera.
  While these features are nice, enabling them can cause problems if you use SNESAmp in programs
 like XMPlay or Winamp3.\par\par

{\b Reset Configuration\par}
Clicking on this button will reset all the configuration options to their default values.\par\par

}
