{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033

@{\footnote
*** Control Dialog Help - SNESAmp v3.10 ***
}

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helv;}
}

{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue255;}

\fs20

{\page #{\footnote # Ctrl_Help}}
{\keepn
{\fs24\cf1 Control Dialog\par}}
{\par The Control Dialog lets you adjust settings inside the emulator in real-time.  You don't need
 to use the dialog in order to listen to music, so by default it's disabled.  You can enable it in
 the {\uldb{Configuration}{\v Cfg_Help}}.\par\par
{\uldb
{Keyboard shortcuts}{\v Ctrl_Keys}\par
{Popup menu}{\v Ctrl_Popup}\par
{Controls}{\v Ctrl_Control}\par
}
}

{\page #{\footnote # Ctrl_Keys}}
{\keepn
{\fs24\cf1 Control Dialog\par}
{Keyboard Shortcuts\par}}
{\par
{\b\brdrb\brdrs
{\cellx1440\cellx5760
\intbl Key\cell Function\cell\row}}
{\cellx1440\cellx5760
\intbl Tab\cell Switch between Winamp and Control dialog\cell\row
\intbl Left, Right\cell Move between sliders\cell\row
\intbl 1-8\cell Mute/Unmute a voice\cell\row
\intbl Alt 1-8\cell Solo a voice\cell\row
\intbl 0\cell Unmute all voices\cell\row
\intbl F1\cell Help contents\cell\row
}
}


{\page #{\footnote # Ctrl_Popup}}
{\keepn
{\fs24\cf1 Control Dialog\par}
{Popup Menu\par}}
{\par The popup menu appears when you right click on the title bar.\par\par

{\b Configuration...\par}
Opens the {\uldb{Configuration}{\v Cfg_Help}} dialog\par\par

{\b About...\par}
Displays the about box\par\par

{\b Old ADPCM\par}
Changes the {\uldb{ADPCM routine}{\v Cfg_DSP}} used.  Changing the ADPCM method from here will not
 change the setting in the configuration.\par\par

{\b Use Timer\par}
Enables the {\uldb{playback timer}{\v Cfg_Time}}.  This option is only available if the playback
 timer is enabled in the configuration.  Changing the playback timer from here will not change the
 setting in the configuration.\par\par

{\b Disable\par}
This is the same as deselecting {\uldb{Display the control dialog}{\v Cfg_Other}} in the
 configuration.\par\par

{\b Close\par}
Closes the Control dialog until another SPC file is played.\par\par
}


{\page #{\footnote # Ctrl_Control}}
{\keepn
{\fs24\cf1 Control Dialog\par}
{Controls\par}}
{\par Adjusting the controls in the Control dialog has only a temporary effect.  The values of the
 controls will be reset when Winamp is closed.\par\par
Advanced users:  You can set the default pitch and speed parameters by adding the fields "Pitch" and
 "Speed" to plugin.ini.  Their values are signed 16-bit.\par\par
{\b Muting\par}
The DSP can play back eight sounds or instruments (voices) simultaneously.  Checking a box will
 cause that voice to go silent.\par\par
The popup menu has two options:  Solo and Unmute All\par\par
Solo will mute all voices except the voice clicked on.  Unmute All unmutes all voices.\par\par

{\b Amplification\par}
See {\uldb{Mixing Volume}{\v Cfg_Mixing}}\par\par

{\b Pitch\par}
The pitch slider changes the overall pitch of the song without changing the speed.  The pitch can
 be changed 25 cents at a time, and as much as +/- 1 octave.\par\par

{\b Speed\par}
The speed slider changes the tempo of the song without affecting the pitch.  The tempo can be
 changed from half speed to double.\par\par

{\b Stereo\par}
This controls the stereo separation of each voice.  See the {\uldb{DSP Configuration}{\v Cfg_DSP}}
 for an explanation.\par\par

{\b Echo Feedback Crosstalk\par}
This controls the echo feedback crosstalk.  See the {\uldb{DSP Configuration}{\v Cfg_DSP}} for an
 explanation.\par\par
}

}
