{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033

@{\footnote
*** Configuration Dialog Help - SNESAmp v3.10 ***
}

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helv;}
}

{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue255;}

\fs20

{\page #{\footnote # ID6_Help}}
{\keepn
{\fs24\cf1 ID666 Editor\par}}
{\par SPC's are usually looping songs made to play in the background of games.  There's no
 information about how long a song should play.  The ID666 tag was introduced to let users specify
 how long a song should play, as well as provide information about which game the song came from and
 who created the tag.\par\par
The first field, at the top of the dialog, is the current file loaded into the editor.  The ID666
 tag can't be edited if the SPC is inside an .RSN file.\par\par

{\uldb
{Information}{\v ID6_Info}\par
{ID666 tag}{\v ID6_ID666}\par
{Extended tag}{\v ID6_Ext}\par
}
}


{\page #{\footnote # ID6_Info}}
{\keepn
{\fs24\cf1 ID666 Editor\par}
{Information\par}}
{\par

{\fs22\b File information\par}
The left panel contains information about the current file.  The first line, if displayed, is the
 header of the SPC or ZST loaded.\par\par

{\b Echo\par}
Most songs use the echo capabilites of the DSP to give music a more natural sound.  However, the
 DSP requires a buffer in RAM for temporary processing, so some games disable the echo in order to
 have more memory.\par\par

{\b Delay\par}
The delay of the echo, in milliseconds.\par\par

{\b Feedback\par}
The feedback level.  The higher this value, the longer the echo lasts.\par\par

{\b FIR Filter\par}
The DSP has the ability to apply an 8 tap Finite Impulse Response filter on the echo.  Sadly, most
 songs didn't take advantage of this, and have an unnatural, metallic sounding reverb.\par\par

{\b Noise Clock\par}
The DSP has a white noise generator that's rarely used in making music.  The noise clock controls
 how fast random samples are generated.\par\par

{\b Timers\par}
The SPC700 has three timers in it.  These timers are used by the program to maintain the speed of
 the song.  (There are a few wacky games out there that don't use the timers, which makes their
 songs undumpable.)  The values listed are the speeds the timers are programmed at.  If a timer is
 not enabled, its value will be grayed out.  Most songs only use the first timer, though they may
 have all three enabled.\par\par

{\fs22\b Output\par}
The right panel accumulates information about what SNESAmp is doing.  The songs value is updated
 only if a song is allowed to play completely (based on the playback timer).\par\par

{\b Update on song change\par}
By default, the song loaded in the ID666 editor doesn't change until you select a new song from the
 playlist.  Checking this box will update the editor with the current song playing whenever the
 current song changes.\par\par
A new tag won't be loaded if you have any unsaved changes to the current tag.\par\par

{\b Disable the playback timer\par}
If you have the {\uldb{playback timer}{\v Cfg_Time}} enabled, this option will allow you to disable
 it while the ID666 editor is open.\par\par
}


{\page #{\footnote # ID6_ID666}}
{\keepn
{\fs24\cf1 ID666 Editor\par}
{ID666 Tag\par}}
{\par The ID666 tab is where you can edit the actual ID666 tag.  The limitations on some of the
 items have changed, if you use the {\uldb{extended format}{\v ID6_Ext}}.  Any differences are
 listed under the item name.\par\par

{\b Song\par}
{\fs18 Standard: 32 characters max   Extended: 255 characters max\par}
The name of the song.\par\par

{\b Game\par}
{\fs18 Standard: 32 characters max   Extended: 255 characters max\par}
The game the song was dumped from.\par\par

{\b Artist\par}
{\fs18 Standard: 32 characters max   Extended: 255 characters max\par}
The name of the artist who made the song.\par\par

{\b Dumped by\par}
{\fs18 Standard: 16 characters max   Extended: 255 characters max\par}
The name of the person who dumped the song.\par\par

{\b on\par}
The date the song was dumped.  The way dates are entered into this field depends on the date format
 in your region settings.  Dates can be entered in the form of D.M.Y or M/D/Y.\par\par
When reading text tags, SNESAmp will try to decode the the date.  If it can't, clicking on the date
 field will erase the text so you can manually enter the correct date.\par\par

{\b with\par}
The emulator the song was dumped with.\par\par

{\b Comments\par}
{\fs18 Standard: 32 characters max   Extended: 255 characters max\par}
Any comments you'd like to add.  Enter and tab characters can be inserted by pressing Ctrl-Enter and
 Ctrl-Tab.  Only the first line of text will be saved in the standard ID666 tag.\par\par

{\b Song\par}
{\fs18 Standard: seconds only   Extended: fractions of a second\par}
The length of the song in minutes and seconds (0:01 to 15:59 or 99:59).  Clicking on the Song button
 will load the edit fields with the current time displayed by Winamp.\par\par

{\b Fade\par}
The amount of time for the fade to last (0 to 59.99 seconds).  Clicking on the Fade button will load
 the edit field with the amount of time that has passed since the time in the song field.\par\par

{\b Binary ID666 format\par}
The ID666 tag created by Nitro saved all numerical values in text form.  When _demo_ wrote SPCAMP,
 he used binary numbers.  This created a discrepancy between various SPC players.\par\par
SNESAmp has the {\uldb{ability}{\v Cfg_Time}} to read and save tags in either format.\par\par
}

{\b Copy and Paste\par}
Copies/Pastes the game, artist, dumped by, comments, OST title and disc, publisher, and copyright.\par\par

{\b Clear\par}
Clears all fields of the ID666 tag.\par\par
}


{\page #{\footnote # ID6_Ext}}
{\keepn
{\fs24\cf1 ID666 Editor\par}
{Extended Tag\par}}
{I've received requests to add additional information to the ID666 tag, but I didn't want to
 interfere with the current standard in place, so I created extended ID666 tags.  Extended tags are
 additional information added to the end of an SPC file.  If you choose to save the extended
 information, the original ID666 tag will be saved with as much of the same information as possible.\par\par
Most of the extended information is for games with Original Soundtrack CD's available.\par\par

{\b OST Title\par}
The title of the OST, if any.\par\par

{\b Disc\par}
The disc from the OST that the song is located on.  Can be any number from 1 to 9.\par\par

{\b Track\par}
The track number of the song from the OST.  The track can be any number from 1 to 99 and a letter.
  For example:  1, 2a, and 14 are valid track numbers.\par\par

{\b Publisher\par}
The developer and/or publisher of the game.\par\par

{\b Copyright\par}
The year the game was copyrighted.\par\par

{\b Amplification\par}
Saves the amplification level with the song so AAR doesn't need to be used.  Good for defining
 an absolute volume level before creating a WAV file.\par\par

{\b Muted Voices\par}
The DSP can play back eight sounds or instruments simultaneously.  Checking a box will cause the
 sounds on that voice to be silent when the song is loaded.  While a song is playing, you can
 change which voicess are muted by using the {\uldb{Control dialog}{\v Ctrl_Help}}.\par\par
When the checkboxes have the focus, you can use keys 1 through 8 to toggle a voice, and 0 to
 clear them all.\par\par

{\b Extended Time Fields\par}
Most songs from video games repeat forever in an endless loop, which is one reason why ID666 tags
 were created.  However, how long a song plays before fading out is determined by the dumper.  New
 support has been added with the extended information that allows the listener a little more control
 over how long a song will play.\par\par
All fields, except for fade, can have values from 0:00 to 99:59.99.\par\par

{\b Intro\par}
The length of the time at the beginning of the song before the main loop starts.  If a song doesn't
 have a loop, this should be the complete length of the song.  Not all looping song have an intro.
  Clicking on the Intro button will load the edit fields with the current time displayed by Winamp.\par\par

{\b Loop\par}
The length of the main loop, if any.  Clicking on the Loop button will load the edit fields with the
 current time displayed by Winamp minus the Intro time.\par\par

{\b Loop Repeat\par}
The number of times to repeat the main loop (0 to 9).  This field can be overridden by the listener in the
 {\uldb{Config->Time}{\v Cfg_Time}}.\par\par

{\b End\par}
The length of time to continue playing after the main loop has repeated x times.  This field was
 added because some songs sound better if they start to fade out before the next loop begins.  This
 field is also special in that it can contain a negative number so the fade will start before the
 last loop ends.  (When the 'end' value is negative, it cannot go back more than one loop.)
  Clicking on the End button will load the edit fields with the current time displayed by Winamp
 minus the Intro and Loop.\par\par

{\b Fade\par}
Just like the fade field in the original tag, this is the amount of time for the fade to last (0 to
 59.99 seconds).  Clicking on the Fade button will load the edit fields with the current time
 displayed by Winamp minus the sum of the previous times.\par\par

{\b Extended information\par}
Selecting this option will enable the extended fields and increase the maximum length of the
 standard fields.\par\par

}
