{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033

@{\footnote
*** Configuration Dialog Context Sensitive Help - SNESAmp v3.10 ***
}

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 MS Sans Serif;}
}

{\page #{\footnote # Help}}
{\keepn
{\fs24\cf1\b SNESAmp v3.1\par}
{SNES® APU emulator plug-in for Winamp\par}}
{\li360\fs20\par
This file contains context sensitive help for the SNESAmp input plug-in for Winamp.\par\par

Open SNESAmp.hlp for more information.\par\par

Copyright ©2001-2004 Alpha-II Productions
}

\fs16

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Preset}}
{{\ul High quality}  The best sound for most users
\par{\ul Like the SNES}  Simulates the muddy sound of the original hardware
\par{\ul Custom}  Adjust the settings to your liking}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Rate}}
{Output sample rate.  Using a value higher than your sound card is capable of may cause an error.}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Bits}}
{Output sample bit depth.  24- and 32-bit samples only sound better if you have a 24-bit soundcard.}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Chn}}
{Set to monaural only if you're using one speaker on your computer.
\par Stereo(HQ) enables high precision floating-point mixing.}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Inter}}
{The method of interpolation to use on samples before mixing.  Gaussian is the type used by the SNES,
 but cubic often sounds the best.}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_ADPCM}}
{Enabling this uses the traditional sample decompression method used by early emulators}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Analog}}
{Enabling this simulates the analog SNES hardware by emulating the DSP at 32kHz, adding noise, and
 then upsampling and filtering the final output}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Wide}}
{Enabling this inverts the right channel to create a pseudo surround sound effect}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Reverse}}
{Reverses the left and right channels}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_NoEcho}}
{Disables the echo effect on songs that use it}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Stereo}}
{Adjusts the stereo separation of each voice
\par 0 is no separation (center)
\par 50 is the default SNES settings
\par 100 is full separation (left or right)}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_EFBCT}}
{Controls how much of the echo gets mixed together.
\par 0% is no crosstalk (SNES)
\par 100% is complete crosstalk (echo is centered)
\par -0% is reverse crosstalk (echo pans)}


{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Length}}
{When an .SPC is missing the song/fade length in the ID666 tag, these values will be used instead of
 playing the song forever.}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Silence}}
{After a song is through playing, the emulator will play silence for the given number of
 seconds.  This adds a bit of a pause before playing the next song.}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_End}}
{Ends the song automatically after this many seconds of silence.\par
Entering no text will disable this feature.}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_LoopX}}
{Songs that have a loop length will repeat this number times before ending.\par
Entering no text will use the loop count in the tag.}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Bin}}
{Enabling this will cause the ID666 reader to use the binary format when it can't autodetect}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Timer}}
{Disabling this causes songs to play endlessly.
 Seeking is disabled in this mode.}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Fast}}
{Enabling this uses a faster method for seeking, but breaks some songs.}


{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_AAR}}
{Automatic Amplification Reduction:
\par{\ul Off}  Level remains unchanged, regardless of output volume
\par{\ul On}  Level is reduced if output gets too loud
\par{\ul Increase}  Level is gradually increased until the output gets too loud
\par\par
When creating .WAV files, it's recommended you turn off AAR and set the amplification level manually.}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Amp}}
{Initial amplification level.  The level controls how loud samples are mixed together.
\par Most songs sound good in the 6.0 to 9.0 range.  0.0 is the same amplitude as the SNES.}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Thresh}}
{Minimum output amplitude necessary for AAR to take effect.  Higher values allow
 for louder music, but also greater distortion.\par
If you use the equalizer or a DSP plug-in you should set this to 0.0 or less.}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_TagAmp}}
{Use the amplification level saved in the song's tag, if it exists, instead of AAR}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_RstAmp}}
{Resets the amplification level at the beginning of each song}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_WAVol}}
{This lets you use Winamp's volume control to adjust the amplification level.\par
You should use this only if you disable the volume control in the output plug-in.}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Min}}
{The minimum amplification level AAR will reduce to}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Max}}
{The maximum amplification level to increase to}


{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Title}}
{The text entered here lets you customize how the song title/info will appear in the playlist
 window.  If no information is available (i.e. a blank ID666 tag) the file name will be used for
 the title.}


{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Lang}}
{This is where you choose the language module to use in SNESAmp.  If you choose (default), you may
 need to restart WinAmp.}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_FileExt}}
{Enter the file extensions you want the open dialog to display.  Separate extensions with a
 semi-colon.}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Ctrl}}
{Enabling this displays a control dialog during playback that lets you adjust emulation settings.}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Tricks}}
{Enables extra features like window snapping.  If you're not using SNESAmp with Winamp, enabling
 tricks may cause the application to crash.}

{\page}{#{\footnote # Cfg_Reset}}
{Resets the configuration to the default settings}

}
